Upgrade to latest mimir-prometheus@main (#7475)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

* [BUGFIX] Update `google.golang.org/grpc` to resolve occasional issues with gRPC server closing its side of connection before it was drained by the client. #7380
* [BUGFIX] Query-frontend: abort response streaming for `active_series` requests when the request context is canceled. #7378
* [BUGFIX] Compactor: improve compaction of sporadic blocks. #7329

> * [BUGFIX] promql: Fix wrongly scoped range vectors. #7475

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [BUGFIX] promql: Fix Range selectors with an @ modifier are wrongly scoped in range queries. #7475
```

Make it easier for readers to think whether this applies to them.

> * [BUGFIX] Add json tags to Metadata struct. #7475

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [BUGFIX] Fix metadata API using wrong JSON field names. #7475
```
